TOY ROBOT - ITERATION 1
You were given a prototype program that is intended to simulate a basic toy robot. We are going to use an iterative programming approach (same as with the Hangman problems) to evolve this prototype into a much more capable robot simulator and controller.

We split the overall project into 5 iterations.

Iteration 1: You will need to introduce functions into the initial prototype code, and get the bugs sorted out in the process.

Iteration 2: Introduce the handling of commands from the user, and output of responses.

Iteration 3: Give the simulated robot the ability to replay previous commands.

Iteration 4: Modularize the robot’s code, and allow it to also output to a graphical interface.

Iteration 5: Make use of modules provided by team members to navigate obstacles.



Iteration 1

Goal:
You need to get the prototype more functional (excuse the pun) in order to use it for an important demonstration to potential investors. There are a few bugs in the existing code, and you are sure if you structure the code better by using functions, it will become easier to debug and fix.


What you will program:
	Restructure the code in robot.py to make use of functions

	Fix bugs in the output.


What you will learn:
	How to define functions in Python

	How to call functions

	How to pass arguments (data) to functions

	How to document functions using docstrings



INSTRUCTIONS

> STEP 1 Move Functions
	Currently robot.py is basically one single function, called move().
	Identify the groups of instructions that are used to move in specific directions and shapes, like square, rectangle, circle.

	Define a function for each of these, e.g. move_square, move_circle

	Update the move() function to make use of the functions you defined.

NOTE: after this change, some of the tests in the problem repository might still fail, as you might not have fixed all the bugs yet.



> STEP 2 Repeating Functions
	There is also code in move() that repeats the movements, e.g. to move 5 times in a circle, or 3 times in a square.
	Find these repetitions and replace it with functions as well that in turn call the various move_<shape> functions as needed.

	Did you spot any bugs to fix in this step?

NOTE: after this change, if done in such a way as to fix bugs in the existing code, all the tests in the problem repository should succeed.



> STEP 3 Name move()
	The main function, move() is not very descriptive.
	Choose a more descriptive name, and justify why you chose this name, in a docstring comment for that function.

Note: do not rename move() as it will break the tests, but just indicate in a comment a better name and your reasoning.



> STEP 4 Document Your Function
	Docstrings are useful to document functions that you foresee will be used a lot, especially by other developers.
	Practice using docstrings by defining proper docstrings comments, including info on any function parameters, for all your functions.
